there's always that one friend that
would survive the zombie apocalypse
here's how it can be you number one get
good at pulling things start with easy
and work your way up to harder when you
can muscle up then you know that you're
actually strong enough to get over
obstacles so the zombies don't get you
you should also be able to run and who
there's also no downside to being strong
like for instance if you hurt your leg
you should be able to just get up with
your one like and oh hey it also helps
to be like a fast
healer and lastly you should be able to
squat down easily because it's going to
help you stay hidden also you probably
won't always have access to a toilet but
you can always dig a hole and that's
where the squatting comes in stay flexy